Miscellaneous minor wording / emphasis / link changes (#1627)
carpentries/instructor-training: CONTRIBUTING.md

> 1. The published copy of the lesson is in the `gh-pages` branch of the repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The published copy of the lesson is in the `main` branch of the repository
```

  (so that GitHub will regenerate it automatically).
  Please create all branches from that,

>   and merge the [upstream repository][repo]'s `gh-pages` branch into your `gh-pages` branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  and merge the [upstream repository][repo]'s `main` branch into your `main` branch
```

  before starting work.

>   Please do *not* work directly in your `gh-pages` branch,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Please do *not* work directly in your `main` branch,
```

>   since that will make it difficult for you to work on other contributions.

Author: This instruction about creating branches from `gh-pages` don't seem to reflect the reality of how this repo is being used, so I followed the pattern it looked like others were following.

Is this a vestigial instruction? `gh-pages` seems to only be updated by GitHub Actions in the way I'm used to.

Reviewer: thanks @mfisher87 ! I *think* the most functional change is to update gh-pages to main in all cases (even if gh-pages is technically the published branch). Pinging @tobyhodges to verify.

Author: Thanks @karenword :)
